OSDOCS-11383: GCP Workload ID webhook RN (#84541)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-17-release-notes.adoc

=== RHSA-2024:XXXX - {product-title} {product-version}.4 bug fix, and security update advisory

#Included for placement#

Issued: 13 November 2024

#Included for placement#

{product-title} release {product-version}.4, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:XXXX[RHSA-2024:XXXX] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:XXXX[RHSA-2024:XXXX] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.17.4 --pullspecs
----

#Included for placement#

[id="ocp-4-17-4-enhancements_{context}"]
==== Enhancements

[id="ocp-4-17-4-enhancements-nodes-pods-short-term-auth_{context}"]
===== Authenticating customer workloads with {gcp-wid-short}

With this release, applications in customer workloads on {product-title} clusters that use {gcp-wid-first} can authenticate by using {gcp-wid-short}.

> To use this authentication method with your applications, you must complete configuration steps on the cloud provider console and your {product-title} cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this authentication method with your applications, you must configure the cloud provider console and your {product-title} cluster.
```
Would "configure" mean the same thing as "complete configuration steps" here?

Author: thanks! they are configuring IAM things by using the console, but the full docs get into that detail

#Included for placement#

{product-title} release {product-version}.4, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:XXXX[RHSA-2024:XXXX] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:XXXX[RHSA-2024:XXXX] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.17.4 --pullspecs
----

#Included for placement#

[id="ocp-4-17-4-enhancements_{context}"]
==== Enhancements

[id="ocp-4-17-4-enhancements-nodes-pods-short-term-auth_{context}"]
===== Authenticating pods with {gcp-wid-short}

With this release, applications in pods on {product-title} clusters that use {cloud-auth-first} can authenticate by using {cloud-auth-short}.

To use this authentication method with your applications, you must complete configuration steps on the cloud provider console and your {product-title} cluster.

> For more information, see xref:../nodes/pods/nodes-pods-short-term-auth.adoc#nodes-pods-short-term-auth-configuring-gcp_nodes-pods-short-term-auth[Configuring GCP Workload Identity authentication for pods on GCP]

Author: This xref relies on #83682, which will merge before 4.17.4 RNs.

> For more information, see xref:../nodes/pods/nodes-pods-short-term-auth.adoc#nodes-pods-short-term-auth-configuring-gcp_nodes-pods-short-term-auth[Configuring GCP Workload Identity authentication for pods on GCP].

Author: This xref relies on #83682, which will merge before 4.17.4 RNs.
